( ♪♪ )
(Cigarette sizzling, inhalation)
(Exhalation)
(Pen scratching)
(Ice cubes rattling in glass)
Ricky, why would you let
the fucking door close behind us?
Now we can't get to the tour bus
and it's fucking chilly here, if
you didn't notice!
I'm fucking stressed out, okay?
I talked to Lucy on the phone this morning.
She got me all worked up,
hot and bothered.
She talked about her warm mouth
drinking coffee...
I'm fucking horny! Rick, you've got to
stay focused, man.
We've got to make some money.
This is getting fucking ridiculous, boys!
Welcome to Helsinki, dick-lickers.
Ricky: Suck me off!
Give me the fucking sheet!
What the fuck bullshit do we have
on the go today?
"Taxi ride, sing a song, 25 bucks.
"Do an ice sculpture, 25.
"Do the news, $25.
"Okay, here we go: meet the real Santa
"and share a glass of traditional
'poronkuse' together.
"Note: all three of you need to drink it
in order to get paid. $1,000."
This is what we're doing.
Hold the fuck on!
Did you say the real Santa?
Are you fucking shitting me?
That's what it says on the sheet.
Ricky: Boys, having Christmas
drinks with the big guy?
That's fucking amazing! Ricky, just wait now.
Who are you talking about when you say "the big guy"?
Look, what's the fucking catch
to that?
That sounds way too easy.
Let's just do the easy ones,
the cheap ones, Julian. Fuck the cheap ones!
We're going for the big one, man!
We're meeting Santa, we're getting paid
1,000 bucks.
Creeps, do whatever you want.
I'm going to go out and get my candy
cane licked.
Fuck off! Let's go meet Santa.
God, he does a lot of sex stuff.
Ricky: How fucking cool is this?
We get to have drinks with the real Santa!
Yeah, the real one.
So this is the North Pole?
Well, we're pretty far north, Ricky,
and there's poles everywhere.
Julian: Well at least it's
not as cold here.
This is so fucking cool. So like,
he is just Santa?
He's not Jesus or God...?
No. Just Santa. Just Santa.
Fuck, this is cool. Just Santa.
(Birds chirping)
My fuck, boys, there he is!
This is so fucking cool!
Santa!
Hey! Oh, hello, boys!
This is cool. How are you? Yes.
These are my reindeer.
(Mixed greetings)
Well, some of them.
I've a really, really big herd.
This is cool. But now I have...
(indistinct)
Please come in. Sure.
Open the gate and...
and I can...
soon I can serve you
a really, really special drink.
His name is Niila.
Niila? Niila?
Niila.
N-I-I-L-A.
Don't remember him from the song.
I've met lots of mall Santas over the years,
but I never thought I'd actually meet the
real fucking Santa
and get to feed his reindeer.
I can't wait to party and get drunk as fuck
with that cocksucker. This is awesome!
Bubbles: Now, we're supposed
to have a drink of...
poron... poronkuse?
Poronkuse. Poronkuse.
Poronkuse.  That makes you
very strong boy.
Here, feed him, Rick.
Here, do you want some?
Feed him some...
Look at that.
This is so fucking cool.
You're feeding one of Santa's
reindeers, Ricky.
(Chuckling) Santa:
Okay...
Ricky: This is awesome.
Here we are. (Grunting)
Julian: What's he doing,
trying to milk him?
Maybe it's, uh... (Urinating)
Maybe it's like a reindeer
White Russian.
No, no, this is much, much better than milk.
This is poronkuse.
You drink that every day?
Every morning.
When I wake up, then I drink this
a little bit. Just a small cup.
It's very refreshing also.
It's kind of neat to be here
at the "real" Santa's village
in Finland, but when you...
when you break it down, all it really is
(Whispering) is just some crazy
bastard in a suit
out in the woods drinking piss.
Okay, my boys, here we go.
Now you'll get it. Ugh...
I promised you to have reindeer piss
and, as we say in Finland, poronkuse.
It makes you very strong...
and will send you to another new planet!
Oh, it fucks you up?
Okay, I know...
I think you are Ricky.
Yes.
Yeah, I know that you'll love this stuff.
It's very good for you. Okay.
I didn't give a fuck what kind of piss I was drinking.
If it was going to get me high,
I'll drink fucking "allimigator" piss,
fucking zebra piss, moose piss,
fucking squirrel piss.
I'd even a fucking honey badger's piss.
Now, okay. Let's get
fucked up.
Bottoms up. I'm not drinking
piss, Ricky.
Are you kidding me? Yeah, it's not piss...
I don't... I don't care if
it's reindeer piss
or fucking any other kind of piss.
Santa: Okay, that's your choice.
It's piss!
Piss is piss, Santa.
Okay.
I'm close to starving to death right now
and I haven't had much booze in me since I got here,
but there's no fucking way
I'm drinking reindeer piss to make money.
You're gonna make me fucking puke, Ricky.
Well, you guys should be doing it too.
It's 1,000 fucking dollars!
Ricky... I'm not wasting a
buzz-on, though, boys.
Fuck it. It can't been worse
than the time Willy Goat pissed in my mouth.
(Heavy sigh)
Ricky, this is a bad idea.
Piss buzz-on, here I fucking come!
(Panting)
(Christmas music playing in background)
Okay, Ricky!
You are my man! You did it!
How do you taste?
The taste, it was very good, yes?
Oh... A little bit strong,
but makes very, very good.
It kind of tastes like gasoline
and ocean.
You sure you don't want this, boys?
No. Because I need
to get fucked up!
I'm drinking all of it. Fuck it!
(Hard exhalation) Bubbles:
Ricky...
(Whispering) You're spilling...
Okay!
Well done! Yeah, fantastic!
And now I also want to have it a little bit.
(Groaning, panting)
(Mouthing silently) He's out of his
fucking mind.
Nice. Cheers, Santa.
I can't fucking believe what's
happening right now.
I've seen Ricky do some pretty fucked up things in my life,
but to drink three cups of reindeer piss
just 'cause some nutcase in a suit says,
"Oh, yeah, it sends you to another planet."
Ricky is fucked.
Ahh! You did it.
Now you are strong.
You will get very much strength.
Yes. Or die.
Either or.
How long does it take to kick in?
(Hard exhalation)
The boys think I'm fucked for drinking it...
(Stomach gurgling)
...but once this shit kicks in,
we'll see with who's happy with drinking piss
and who's not happy about fucking drinking
piss, won't we?
(Stomach growling)
Ohh, fuck, boys, I feel like I'm going to puke, but I...
I can't puke 'cause it hasn't kicked in yet,
even though it's been over an hour,
for fuck's sakes!
Ricky, just... Why don't you just puke?
I mean, you've got to get all of that
piss out of you.
Piss is poisonous.
Julian, give me a drink.
Ricky, you're not putting your
pissy lips
on my glass, I said. I've got to get this
taste out of my mouth.
We've got to do something simple now
so I can go fucking eat or something.
Just got to stop thinking about
fucking piss.
(Liquid trickling) Ricky.
What?
Have a look here. Look up, bud.
(Heaving) There you go.
There you go. All that piss
pouring out of there, buddy.
(Retching)
Just think of the gallons of piss
coming out of that thing. (Retching)
Julian: Let 'er all out, man.
(Groaning)
(Sighing) Okay,
let's go do something fucking easy.
I need to eat. What should we do?
The cab or the ice sculpting?
Bubbles: I don't know.
Do you want to just...
do the cab, maybe?
It should be right up here.
Singstar Taxis. Look at that wiener dog.
I'm so hungry I could eat the
little cocksucker.
What the fuck do we got to do here?
It just says, "Take ride in Singstar Taxi,
sing a song, and don't talk about hockey."
Like, that doesn't sound that hard.
Sounds very fucking weird.
Sounds easy.
Too easy to be true. That sounds weird.
Bubs, I can't even fucking sing,
though, man.
Hello. Ooh, look at this thing.
Oh, right on. What do you guys
want to sing?
This is decent. I wonder if they've
got any Helix.
Yeah, Helix. I don't want to sing that.
I'll sing Rush or Guns N' Roses.
Julian: Iron Maiden, maybe.
That'd be fucking cool. First you say
you can't sing
and then you pick Iron Maiden?
Bubbles: Okay, boys, what are
we going to do here?
Julian: Something easy
like "Gimme an R"
or fucking Tragically Hip. Rush, maybe.
"Number of the Beast". I don't see any Rush.
There's no Tragically Hip.
Why don't we do Guns N' Roses?
(In high-pitched voice) ♪ Welcome to the jungle ♪
♪ We got fun and games ♪ We can't...
It's not easy.
How are we going to sing that?
I can sing it. Oh, okay!
You...
Oh, it's all about you, is it?
It's all about Bubbles.
Ricky: We can do the
whistling song.
The whistling song?
(Whistling "Patience" by Guns N' Roses)
"Patience", Ricky. Yeah, yeah,
"Patience".
I want to do that one.
You want to do "Patience"?
Okay. Here... Can you sit here?
I can't sit backwards. I get sick.
Let's switch. Julian:
Switch? Yeah.
Bubbles: So is it "Patience"?
You want to that, Bubs, go for it.
You're the fucking big singer here.
All right.
Can we have, uh, "Patience"
by Guns N' Roses, please?
Driver: No. You have
to sing this one.
("Staying Alive" by the Bee Gees playing)
Oh, the Bee Gees.
I don't fucking know this song.
How does this work? Yeah.
Hello, hello. Check, one, two.
Check.
Okay. Here we go.
Ricky and Bubbles: (Badly) ♪ Well, you can tell by
the way I use my walk ♪
♪ I'm a woman's man, no time to talk ♪
♪ Music... ♪ Ricky, you don't
just read it.
You've got to sing it. Come on, sing it.
♪ And now it's all right, it's okay ♪
♪ You can look the other way ♪
♪ We can try to understand ♪
♪ The New York Times' effect on man ♪
♪ Whether you're a brother or whether you're a mother ♪
♪ You're stayin' alive, stayin' alive ♪
♪ Feel the city breakin' and everybody shakin' ♪
♪ When you're stayin' alive, stayin' alive ♪
♪ Ha, ha, ha, ha... ♪
You fuck off with that Conky bullshit!
It's not Conky... Keep singing!
♪ Stayin' ali-i-i-i... ♪ Staying alive.
♪ ...i-i-i-i... ♪ ...i-i-i-i...
(Singing flatly) (Screeching)
Bubbles, fuck off!
(Screeching) Fuck off!
Would youse just fucking sing!
Ricky doesn't understand.
You have two registers to your voice,
your regular voice and your falsetto voice,
and when I use my falsetto voice,
he just automatically assumes
I'm pretending to be somebody else.
(In high-pitched voice) ♪ Stayin' alive, stayin' alive ♪
(Screechy chuckle)
♪ We can try to understand ♪
♪ The New York Times' effect on man ♪
Bubbles can fuck himself.
I know all about voice registration.
It's carol-y-oke, not fucking Conky-oke.
♪ I'm going to fucking kill you ♪
♪ Ricky is a dicky... ♪
♪ If you keep fucking singing like that ♪
♪ Staying alive ♪
♪ Staying alive ♪ ♪ Singing like that ♪
♪ I'm going to fucking punch your fucking face in ♪
♪ Ricky is a dicky.. ♪
♪ If you keep singing like that, singing like that ♪
Fuck you, Bubs. ♪ Ricky is a dicky...♪
You're a fucking piece of shit, cunt.
Fuck you. ♪ Suck my dick,
suck my dick ♪
♪ Ah-h-h, stayin' ali-i-i... ♪
♪ Suck my dick, suck my dick ♪
Bubs! ♪ ...i-i-i-i... ♪
This is bullshit.
♪ ...i-i-i-i-i-i... ♪
Ughh... Okay, yeah, Rick,
you take the next verse. You take it.
Okay. You got it,
baby, come on.
Ricky: (Out of rhythm) ♪ Life goin' nowhere ♪
♪ Somebody help me ♪
♪ Somebody help me, yeah ♪
No, see how the colouring...?
You're not following the colouring.
( ♪♪ )
Bubbles & Ricky: ♪ Life goin' nowhere ♪
♪ Somebody help me, yeah ♪
(In high-pitched voice) ♪ I'm stayin' ali-i-i-ive ♪
Staying alive.
Whoo!
You're good at this, Bubs.
Julian was fucking pissing me off,
being a pussy, putting our money-making
abilities at risk.
I mean, all he had to do was fucking sing.
Me and Ricky were singing, having a great time.
Julian: I don't do things I know
I'm no fucking good at.
That's when you start looking like a dick.
I can't fucking sing, so I didn't.
Staying alive. (In high-pitched voice)
♪ I'm stayin' ali-i-i-ive ♪
I'm stayin' alive. Ooh!
I'm fucking stayin' alive.
We did it, boys.
Yeah! 25 bucks!
Bubbles: That was pretty fucking
easy, I mean...
That was pretty easy.
We sang a song,
didn't talk about you-know-what.
No. He didn't even want to talk about it.
It's easy. I just can't wait to fucking eat.
Julian: We should just go to,
like, a supermarket
and buy a shit-ton of food
and fucking just eat and eat.
Well, we should if we were smart.
We should save a little bit
just in case we can find, like,
a piece of weed or a piece of hash.
I fucking need
to smoke something, boys! What the fuck are
we stopping here for?
Bubbles: Somebody's getting on.
Hi, guys.
Esa Tikkanen. How are you?
Esa Tikkanen! Oh, those
motherfuckers!
I'm Ricky. How are you?
Hi, Ricky.
Julian. Hey.
Should I know him? Uh, yeah, Julian.
That's... that's Tikkanen.
He played on... well, I can't tell you
what he payed on, but he played on a...
(Frustrated growl)
a pretty famous sports team.
Are you kidding me?
Yeah, I'm freaking out right now.
Just keep it together.
I'm freaking out. This is hard.
This is a tough one.
Hey, are you guys from, Canada?
Yeah. Yeah, we're
from Canada.
Well, I used to play hockey in Canada.
(Nervous chuckle) Boys, I'm going
to lose it.
Just don't! Bubbles! Bubbles!
Do you know Wayne? Keep it together!
I can't help it! I can't help it!
Holy fuck, that's Tikkanen!
1985 Edmonton Oilers Dream Team:
Wayne Gretzky, Jari Kurri,
Paul Coffey, Mark Messier!
(Nervous laugh) Great.
25 bucks just gone. Good going, Bubs.
I'm sorry, Julian,
but he's fucking sitting right here!
I couldn't help it.
How hard is it to sit next to a guy
and not talk about hockey?
Come on! Now none of us get to eat.
He won fucking five Stanley Cups!
Four with the Oilers! Julian:
I know...
This is pretty awesome. We actually
do love hockey.
We were supposed to not talk about
hockey to make $25,
but that's out the window.
It's worth more than $25 to me.
Well, we may as well talk about it then.
Who's the best player you ever played with?
Can say only one guy: Wayne Gretzky.
Ricky, what kind of a question's that?
He played with fucking Wayne.
Well, he's played with a lot of good people.
I know, but he played with Wayne.
There's nobody better than Wayne.
Who's the craziest person?
Ah, greatest, Dave Semenko.
Oh, yeah? Semenko.
Yeah.
He was top pick. He's a tough...
(Mixed comments) ...tough bastard.
Everybody was scared of him... Glory time.
I would not want to fight that guy.
No, no. You don't want to go even
close to him. No.
But that was hockey, old...
good, old time hockey. Oh, yeah.
Well, I'm sorry,
I blew the fucking 25 dollar task,
but it was worth it for me
just to hear stories about the Oilers.
It was pretty awesome, but we've
got to find a way
to make some fucking money here, boys.
Oh, here, I've got the fucking list.
We can go do the...
The ice sculpting?
...go do the ice sculpting.
"Go to ArtMarika
"and make an ice sculpture.
Best one wins." So we'll do that.
"Best one wins"? You better not
fuck it up.
So one of us has to win, then?
Yeah.
Well, that's perfect. Should have
did that first.
Ricky: Well, it's been
nice to meet you.
Well, it's nice to meet you guys.
You wouldn't happen to have
any weed or hash
or anything on you or anything?
Ricky! Ricky...
Do not ask Esa Tikkanen if he's got weed or hash!
Well, maybe he knows where I can get some
or borrow some.
Well, in Finland we don't have that one. Sorry.
Great.
Sorry about that. He's just...
he smokes a lot
and he's not that bright.
You shouldn't be asking people that.
Don't worry about it.
All right, let's go do some fucking ice
sculptures, I guess.
Julian: Good to meet you.
Hey!
Nice to meet you guys.
Awesome to meet you.
Nice to meet you. Thanks.
It was great.
Say hi to Gretzky for me
when you talk to him next.
Yes, I will.
(Awkward chuckle) Have a good one, guys.
All right, cheers. (Mixed farewells)
That was pretty fucking cool. Get the fuck out of my way!
Bubbles: We should've did this one
first 'cause we can't lose.
It's, "go meet ArtMarika, make an ice sculpture".
Whoever's got the best one
gets the money.
Are we going to split the money?
Well, I don't know that we should.
I'm a pretty sculptor. Maybe I'll keep the
money part if I win.
Let's get this over with. Julian:
I can't do this shit.
Hi. How are you doing?
I guess we're supposed to be doing
some ice sculpting or something.
Yes. There is your tools
and here is the ice box.
So make your sculpture.
Go, go, go, go! Decent.
Did you make that kitty? That's a kitty?
Yes. Kitty ice.
Woman: You can make your own.
Could I make a kitty like that?
I'll just copy off of you.
Yeah.
How do you turn this baby on?
(Chainsaw revving) Oh, Ricky...
I wanted the chainsaw.
There's another one over there, Bubs.
Where?
(Saws buzzing)
( ♪♪ )
Jesus Murphy!
Holy fuck, this is cold!
Bubs, I told you we should have brought
fucking jackets!
( ♪♪ )
It's a fuck of a lot harder than it looks.
What do you think, Bubs?
What is it?
Julian: A naked chick.
Bubbles: Are those her ice boobs?
How's it going, Bubs?
Oh, I'm fucking soaked, Ricky.
Yeah, it's not fun, is it?
No, this is a bullshit task.
Blew the chainsaw right apart,
blew the motor right out of her.
'Cause, uh, you know, I don't fuck around.
When it comes to ice sculpting, I take
it quite seriously.
Would you smoke this, Bubs? What?
Would you smoke this?
Ricky, it looks like a big ice cock.
Ah, fuck, does it?
Well, look, it looks like the shaft
and the two balls, right?
Ricky...
Ricky, can you press the fucking button
on the back of this fucking piece of shit?
What are you sculpting, a cock?
It's not a cock! It's supposed
to be a joint.
Looks like a cock.
(Sigh) Fuck.
Does it really look like a cock?
Big time.
Bubbles: It looks more like
a cock now, Ricky.
Well, maybe that's what I'm making, I guess.
I am making a cock now. Fuck it.
That's what I was always making.
Bubbles: Well, it's working.
Okay. Perfect.
It's definitely starting to look like a kitty.
I've got to get his...
That's an awful big piss hole. Fuck.
Boys, I think it's pretty clear
who's going to be winning the money here.
Who? Cat Stevens is starting
to take shape.
You think that's going to win?
Did you see this?
All right, I changed it.
This is now Arnold Schwarzenegger.
"Terminator".
I... Don't you find it odd
that you started out making a woman
and then it turned into Arnold Schwarzenegger?
That might say... Why don't you
shut the fuck up?
maybe you're attracted to Arnold Schwarzenegger.
I'm not... Bubs!
Is Arnold Schwarzenegger I fucked up the face.
your perfect idea of a woman?
Yeah? Hey!
You get...!
Oh, you want to fuck around?
I was just fucking playing around with Julian, you know,
giving him a little teasy-weasy about his statue.
He starts getting all fucking serious,
taking swipes at Cat Stevens.
Julian! Fuck off!
Stop acting like a dick.
I'm freezing my ass off trying to make us all
some money here,
like, trying to do a good fucking job.
Don't understand why Bubbles had to be such
a fucking dick to me.
You put a big scratch on Cat Stevens' face!
Thank you, you just helped it out.
Oh, yeah?
Don't, man... Bubs!
Well... Don't fuck
with his pecs!
Well, you put a big... Now what am I supposed to do
with that now?
Cat Stevens has a big dent in his face.
I've got to work around that now.
Julian: Bubs, you totally
fucked up his left pec, man!
It's fucked now. Well,
you shouldn't have been fucking
around with...
Don't... Julian!
How does that feel, huh?
Oh, that's how you want to fucking
play it, is it?
You want to play it like that?
(Saw buzzing) Aww, Bubs...!
Boys! Julian:
Are you fucking kidding me?
Are you kidding me?
Julian wanted to take it up a notch,
acting like a fucking bully.
I showed him how to take it up a notch!
What do you think of that? Huh?
Oh, that's just..
(Tearfully) fucking just
great, Julian!
(Sniffling) Julian:
That's what you get.
(Mixed shouting) What are you
guys doing?
Well, he just cut Arnold's fucking
head off.
He knocked Cat Stevens right on the ground.
Mine was the best, that's why.
He can't let me win. Mine was the best!
Mine's the best! So now what?
You're going to judge them,
I suppose, are you?
He sculpted a cock. It was supposed
to be a joint,
it turned into a cock,
and I think it looks pretty fucking good.
Fucking worthless and weak.
Ricky: Well, it's better
than these ones.
Julian: This still looks
pretty good if...
You know, it's headless, but it looks pretty good.
It looks like a Greek statue or something.
It looks like a torso that's been
ripped in half.
Oh... are you fucking kidding me?
Oh, fuck,
did that fall over? Aww, what a shame.
What was this? That was a cat,
a kitty cat, Cat Stevens.
It was the shittiest- looking ice cat
I've ever seen in my life.
It was fucking awesome! Look at that cat
and then now...
That was nothing! This was pretty much
an exact replica of that one.
Julian: It was shit, Bubs.
Who's the winner? I guess Ricky.
Who wins then?
Well, this wins.
Look at it, it's a beautiful cat.
What?
Ricky: What do you mean,
this wins?
Julian: She's not in the contest!
It says the best of the ice sculptures.
This wins. You're out.
For fuck's sakes!
Julian: So we froze our asses
off for nothing?
That's not fair. Are you kidding me?
That is not fair. That's fucking
bullshit.
Ricky: Oh, that's nice.
Well, fuck it. Way to wreck my cock.
We're fucked! Again!
This whole trip has been fucked.
I mean, obviously we're not going to beat a professional
at fucking ice sculpting, for fuck's sakes.
And this whole reading the weather bullshit?
Pfft! I guarantee you this is going to be fucked.
Bubbles: It said read the weather
without getting a hard-on.
Why the fuck would we get a hard-on
reading the weather? This is going
to be easy.
I don't know. Just don't.
It's some kind of a fucking trick,
I guarantee you. Won't be me
that fucks up.
Hey, how you doing? Oh, hey, guys.
Holy fuck!
We're supposed to do the weather or something?
Co-host it? Yeah, yeah, you can
just line up here
on the black line. Okay.
Thank you.
Yeah. Good. Bubbles:
I see what they're up to.
(Grunting) Fuck.
Keep it together,
keep it together! I'm okay!
I'll just think about something else.
Just think about "The Flintstones".
Both of yous.
Yes, I do. Check out this
shit, boys.
Like, it's blue back here,
but here, when you look at it,
it's got, like, all the clouds...
Weather script, man. Blue screen,
green screen, they call it.
Okay, we've got a lot of fucking clouds
and fucking bullshit here.
It's going to fuck with some people.
We've got some rain moving in
and you're going to fucking piss a lot of
people off with that,
but it is pretty sunny down here and...
Just move your cock for a sec, Bubs...
and the sun here and the sun over in...
Oh, your tits are in the way.
With the sun over in this direction,
you guys will be happy. Sun up here.
Oh, fuck, boys. fucked 'er. Look.
Got a hard on. (Awkward chuckle)
Look,
Ricky's got a... Don't even joke
about it.
weather arrow cock! Don't even
be joking...
Weather arrow cock.
Ricky & Bubbles: (Imitating horns honking)
How the fuck did they do that?
They put, like, a naked girl on the screen.
Holy fuck, Ricky, turn around.
(Speaking in Finnish)
Ah... Ricky. Hi.
Hi, I'm shaved... I'm Bubbles.
(Giggling) You're... shaved.
You're not shaved, but you're shave...
I don't know...
Julian: Keep it together...
I'm trying to.
(Speaking Finnish)
Think of "The Flintstones".
I am thinking of "The Flintstones",
but now I'm thinking about Wilma.
(Groaning) Oh, fuck, boys...
Ricky, what are you doing?
Ricky: Fucking... I'm trying.
I'm fighting this fucking thing.
Well, fight it!
(Sigh) Julian, uh-oh.
Don't, Bubs... (Speaking Finnish)
(Whispering) She pointed
at my bird.
She pointed right at my bird.
No, she's not.
She's pointing at the fucking weather screen.
Well... Ricky:
For fuck's sakes!
Bubs, just... We're done.
Julian: Are you kidding me?
Boys, I've been away from Lucy too long.
I can't fucking deal with it. Fucked 'er.
Nice fucking going, bud. Nice going.
Ricky: Well, he fucked up
and you fucked up,
and everyone fucks up once in a while.
When did I fuck up?
Look at this!
Like, what the fuck do you expect?
I find it weird that you didn't get one.
Because I'm... Maybe I'm the one
who gets it more than you.
Ricky: Maybe you don't
like women.
Fuck you. (Speaking in Finnish)
Nice to meet ya.
(Speaking in Finnish)
Nice to meet you.
(Chuckling) Fuck.
(Speaking Finnish)
Julian: We've just lost the
easiest $100 ever, boys.
What the fuck is wrong with you guys?
Why'd you have to stare at her the whole time?
Bubbles: Well, Julian,
I'm not around
fucking bare naked ladies that often,
and when I am, things happen. I'm sorry.
Bubs, peek, okay? Just have a little peek.
You don't got to fucking stare!
I wasn't fucking staring, was I?
Course you were staring!
No, the one-eyed mountain man was
fucking staring!
He's got a mind of his own.
I can't control what he does.
You're fucked.
Tom: Ricky...
You're fucked!
A question for you boys.
Julian: What's that?
How does it feel to be complete
fucking losers?
What? You didn't make
a goddamn penny
for yourselves again today,
and we're heading to Amsterdam.
Julian: What?
Which is really unfortunate
for you guys.
You better be fucking joking right now.
Amsterdam? Yup.
Oh, Jesus fucking Christ, boys.
We can't go to fucking Amsterdam with no money!
The best goddamn weed in the world too, Ricky.
Too bad you're not going to be able
to buy any of it.
See you hole tonguers back at the bus.
Wheels up in an hour.
Hole tonguers?
I hope this was worth it, boys.
I hope it was fucking worth it.
Ricky: Way to go.
Way to go, you fucking asshole.
Fucking Amsterdam with no money!
You fucking idiot!
Fuck, Ricky!
You're punching yourself in the bird!
( ♪♪ )
(Seabirds squawking)
Fish: Fuck! Fuck! Fuck off! Fuck!...
Fuck off! Jesus Christ!
(Whisper) Fuck.
(Light clicks off) Fuck off.